[ISKA] There is a strange
force that slumbers
within this planet
called astral power.
It is too strong for most
humanity to wield.
[ALICE] There are some who
can harness this energy.
As a result, they are feared
as witches or mages.
Persecuted by those
in the Empire.
[ISKA] The Empire is home to
many who have been harmed
by this extraordinary power.
[ALICE] And bordering it is
a paradise ruled by
the innocent witches,
the Nebulis Sovereignty.
[ISKA] These two nations are
pitted against one another.
[ALICE] In a conflict
that seems endless.
[ISKA] I'm going to bring
this war to a close.
[ALICE] I will establish a land
that is free of oppression.
[ALICE, ISKA] And so, the
crusade that will change our
world now begins.
You're wearing an armband.
Stay back!
Why would a
Saint Disciple free me?
Quick. Come with me.
Take this. It's not much.
You have to run.
[GREAT APOSTLE A]
Raise your head.
Prisoner Iska. Age 16.
The youngest person
in history to be granted
the title of Saint Disciple,
and yet,
a year ago you
were caught aiding
an imprisoned witch in escaping.
As such, you were stripped
of your ranking.
Is that all correct?
[ISKA]
Yes.
[GREAT APOSTLE A] Today,
you're being released from
this facility.
[GREAT APOSTLE B] Our nation has
been at war with the witches
for a hundred years.
Your crime was a treasonous one.
[F GREAT APOSTLE A]
However.
We are providing you
with an opportunity
to correct your mistake.
[GREAT APOSTLE C]
We have a mission for you.
Our longtime witch enemies
now call themselves
astral mages.
[GREAT APOSTLE A] You will be
taking one of them down.
[GREAT APOSTLE B]
But not just any witch.
She is a direct descendant
of the Grand Witch Nebulis.
[GREAT APOSTLE C] Nebulis was
responsible for turning our
Empire into a sea
of flames in the past.
Her descendants are
called "purebreds."
These foes harbor
terrible astral power.
[ISKA]
That's true.
I've battled against
them many times.
[GREAT APOSTLE A] Your target is
the fiercest among them.
The "Ice Calamity Witch."
[GREAT APOSTLE A] Iska.
Successor of the Black Steel.
For the time being,
you are free.
You will find a transit vehicle
waiting to take you
to the frontlines in 17 hours.
We will provide any resources
you may require.
There're three members
I'd like in my unit.
[CUSTOMER A] Hey, Nene, what
table do you want me to sit at?
[CUSTOMER B] We haven't
gotten our order yet, Nene.
Did you put it in?
[CUSTOMER C]
Nene!
[NENE]
I heard you!
Just give me a second.
Welcome, sir!
Jhin?
This is wonderful!
Did you come just to say hi?
[JHIN] It hasn't been that
long since I saw you.
I have news.
He's been released.
Make your preparations.
[NENE]
Wait, you don't mean that...
I do.
At zero hundred, we'll be
heading to the front lines.
You're for real? The front?
Just like the morning sun,
the night sky
didn't change over
the last year.
[JHIN] It's four minutes and 30
seconds until we're set
to leave.
[ISKA]
Jhin!
Thanks for getting a hold
of everyone earlier.
It was a big help.
I'm accustomed to you
giving me short notice.
Iska! I can't believe
you're here!
Congratulations!
Nene, you don't have to
literally jump for joy.
Oh! I think I saw the captain.
Hey! We're here!
[MISMIS panting]
You guys!
I'm so sorry I'm late!
[NENE]
That looked like it hurt.
[JHIN]
Some things never change.
[MISMIS]
Look at you, Iska!
It's been such a long time!
Wow. I think you've
grown even taller.
So, we're just ignoring
that you fell.
[ISKA]
You think?
I guess a girl like me
has no hope of ever
getting any bigger.
What do you mean by "girl"?
You're too old to
call yourself that.
Hey! What are you talking about?
I'm only 22, you jerk!
Still, it is good
to see you all!
I bet Iska's the same
sweet boy he always was.
While Nene has somehow
grown even prettier.
And, of course, Jhin's
sharp tongue brings back
some fun memories.
My what?
Anyhow...
Defense for Humankind.
Third Division.
Unit N07 is back!
[NENE]
Aw, yeah. Off we go!
Okay, so spill.
What kind of mission
are we on this time?
Witch suppression.
That's the only thing
our unit ever handles.
This job could give us
some trouble.
She's a descendent
of the Grand Witch.
A purebred.
You're kidding.
You've heard of the
Ice Calamity Witch,
haven't you, boss?
Huh?! That's who we're after?
Uh, Iska. Is that the truth?
[ISKA]
Yes.
Apparently the reason I was
released was so I could
capture this Ice Calamity Witch.
Oh, dear.
It sounds like the Eight
Great Apostles set you up.
[ISKA]
How do you mean?
If I remember correctly,
she first appeared
at the front in Yubel.
She broke through the
northern line and ravaged
our troops by herself.
And that was just the beginning.
Some are saying she's the
most powerful astral mage
who ever lived.
Yes.
But she doesn't know
what Iska is capable of.
You're unknown.
The Nebulis Sovereignty
should have no intel
on your life.
In their eyes, you don't even
register as a threat.
That's right!
Iska was imprisoned right after
he became a Saint Disciple.
Correct. Which means...
Their guards will be down.
The bigwigs are probably
counting on that.
But still.
Relying on you after
throwing you in prison?
This mage must
have spooked them,
and they've gotten desperate.
It's all starting to make sense.
So, Iska.
You're really going
to try to catch her?
Obviously.
It's my chance to stay free.
So, if you fail the mission
you'll go back?
I'm trying not to
even consider that.
I'd rather focus on putting
an end to this hopeless war.
It's all I can think about.
Not only right now.
It's why I acted
a year ago, too.
[MISMIS] This weapons reactor
appears to be brand new.
[ISKA]
Yeah, I think you're right.
[MISMIS]
It's kinda strange.
They have such a huge reactor,
but not many troops deployed.
Oh. I bet‐‐
Did you guys miss me?
[MISMIS]
Whoa, that was loud!
Nene, don't surprise
us like that.
[NENE laughs]
The transport is all checked in.
We're good.
Oh, and see that tent?
I spotted the commanding
officer in there.
Word is the reactor's
not finished yet.
Since there've been so many
astral mage strikes lately,
most of the troops are busy
defending the front
instead of finishing
projects here.
[ISKA]
I figured.
That's the reason the place
seems like it's pretty deserted.
I could tell something was off.
The reactor is shaking way
too much when it's up
and going.
And there's a lot of rumbling
in its operating hum.
Spoken like a
top‐notch engineer.
That's our Nene.
Also, check out
the exhaust vent.
The steam is the wrong
color and smell.
The pressure unit is running,
but the control ring
is just about at its threshold‐‐
[JHIN] What a vicious cycle.
The Empire builds a reactor.
Then the Sovereignty shows up
in force to destroy it.
So we build more weapons.
The same sequence has repeated
for a hundred years.
Isn't that what Master
was always saying?
Whatever has triggered
this war‐‐
It's now being fueled by blind
fanaticism and emotions.
It's not going to be stopped
by logic alone.
Someone must put an end to it.
Forcibly, even if they
end up being hated.
[ISKA]
Forcibly, huh?
The peace talks a certain
someone is pushing
for are one option.
But I can't imagine
they'll be successful.
Right. Heard loud and clear.
Who was that?
A unit at the frontlines.
They're not engaging enemy
forces at the moment,
and look forward to our arrival.
[yelps]
Nene! Would you please
drive more carefully?
Don't worry. We'll be fine.
I could handle this lil baby
with one eye closed.
[MISMIS] I'm begging you,
look where you're going!
Get out!
Captain. Hold on.
A Nebulis power force.
No way!
We're still on Imperial land!
[ISKA]
They broke through our defenses.
There's probably a powerful
astral mage close by.
[NENE]
Incoming message.
It's a request for any
and all backup from
the Nelka force
communications team.
There's no time to waste.
We're the sneak attack.
But that won't matter if an
enemy battalion finds us first.
Jhin! Dodge!
Did he just cut through
astral power flames?
I spot two mages.
Everyone be careful.
Obviously, and don't
shout orders like that.
It calls you out as a captain.
Worry about yourself instead.
Now's not the time
for your backtalk!
[JHIN]
We'll handle this.
They're wind mages.
More of them?
It appears so.
Their presence was hidden
since they were underground.
[ISKA]
That would take a massive spell.
They have a fairly
powerful astral mage.
I don't get how you two
can be so calm!
Because we anticipated a trap.
Iska, can you cut
through them all?
I'm a bit rusty.
It could be difficult to manage.
But we'll live.
I'll just need some help
from you, Nene.
[NENE]
Roger that!
Anti‐astral power flares,
deploy!
Right flank.
Astral power raging inferno!
Incinerate!
[F ASTRAL MAGE A]
You jumped out of its path?
There's no way that's possible!
Why do you think
I did so much training?
Jhin. How goes it?
[JHIN]
All clear.
[MISMIS]
Amazing. That was so fast.
You boys never fail to impress.
[JHIN] A year ago, we might've
left everything to Iska
and gone ahead without him.
Though, you never were
one to rush into battle.
Earth power.
That's a golem.
And a quickly created
one at that.
[RIN]
How unexpected.
You dealt with the unit before
I had the chance to arrive?
You're not some ordinary squad.
Arise.
[ISKA]
I'll handle this, Captain.
Take Nene and Jhin
and assist the soldiers
on the front lines.
[MISMIS]
Huh? But Iska...
[ISKA] This fight won't end any
faster with you three helping.
[MISMIS]
If you're sure. Be careful!
It's healing?
[RIN]
You broke my attack?
Are you a Saint Disciple?
[ISKA] I have no intention
of answering you
unless you tell me
where I can find the one
known as the Ice Calamity Witch.
[RIN]
Silence, you Imperial dog!
I won't even allow you
to look upon her beauty!
I figured.
Unfortunately, I have
business with her.
[RIN]
Not a chance.
[ISKA]
It's over.
Tell me. Who are you?
Tell me where the witch is.
No.
I would rather die right now
than give information
to a war monger.
Being a corpse is preferable
to being your prisoner.
Did you think a close‐range
attack would rattle me?
I'm trained with
a blade as well.
Now die!
No. You couldn't.
Lady Alice.
[ISKA]
Wait.
Don't tell me you're
the Ice Calamity.
[ALICE]
Yes.
That is what they call me.
You doubt me?
Then I'll prove it to you.
Ice Calamity.
Rin, are you all right?
[RIN]
I am, My Lady.
Incredible.
Please be careful.
This man's sword is capable
of blocking and destroying
our astral arts.
[ALICE]
Duly noted.
You did well to distract him.
Distract?
The reactor!
[ALICE]
Now shatter.
Your attack was
just a diversion!
[ALICE]
Who are you?
How could someone who's
not a Saint Disciple
overpower Rin?
[ISKA] I'm the person who's
come to capture you.
Idle threats are
a waste of breath.
If you don't wish to feel
every drop of your blood
freeze and burst...
...surrender to me.
[ALICE] Swordsman of the Empire,
you have still given no name.
[ISKA]
Iska. And you are?
[ALICE] Aliceliese Lou
Nebulis the ninth.
Though you already
know me by the title
the Imperials have
bestowed upon me.
The "Ice Calamity Witch."
Walls. Fly forth!
Ice Calamity.
Thousand Thorn Blizzard!
Pierce him!
Pity. You're done.
No. Awaken.
He can use the
astral arts as well?
That can't be!
You're right.
It's the astral sword's power.
Blossom.
It's impenetrable.
You should give up.
No way I can stop.
If I give up now, who'll put an
end to this senseless war?
[ALICE]
Vines!
She jumped back. My Lady.
So persistent.
Surrender while you can.
[ISKA]
Why don't you retreat?
I will not stop fighting until
I defeat the Empire
and unite this broken world.
[ISKA]
That's what you want?
I seek everlasting peace
for this land.
No fear.
That is what I, as heir to
the Nebulis Sovereignty,
Aliceliese‐‐
[ISKA]
Uh, you okay?
Oh, yes. Thank you.
Wait.
Hold on, fiend, what do you
think you're doing?
You fell.
[NENE]
Iska!
[ALICE]
Rin. We shall retreat for now.
[RIN]
But Lady Alice, we can still‐‐!
[whistles]
Iska, was it?
Pray we never meet again.
[MISMIS]
Iska! There you are!
I'm so glad you're safe!
You had me worried!
Please tell me you're not hurt!
What'd she do?
Are you in pain?
[ISKA] Hugging a subordinate
who's injured may not be
the best idea.
[MISMIS gasps]
Sorry!
Hey, Jhin. Did one witch
really do all of this?
[JHIN]
The rumors were true.
Looks like she's an
extraordinary astral mage.
The ice almost reached
our rendezvous point
in the frontlines.
[RIN]
Lady Alice.
Have you been in the bath
this whole time?
Let's get you dried off.
[ISKA] If I give up now,
who'll put an end to this
senseless war?
Ugh! I won't sit here moping!
I need a change of scenery!
What's your plan?
Sounds fun, right?
I see that you already
have tickets.
Of course.
You want to run off
to Neutral City again.
[ALICE]
Oh, Beatrix!
To fall in love with
an enemy knight.
A forbidden desire that can
never end in happiness.
Why is there so much pained
romance in this world?
Azel, you fool.
How can you do this to
the woman that you love?
Shh. Please keep it down.
Where is your handkerchief?
I'm afraid it's
already soaking wet.
[MALE VOICE]
Miss, why don't you take mine?
Oh? Why thank you so much.
[AUDIENCE claps]
[ALICE]
Um... I apologize.
I think this is ruined.
Please sir, allow me to pay you.
[MALE VOICE]
Oh, no, it's not a big deal.
It's was cheap and I've got‐‐